Now let's see the next figure.
which is as old as the circle and
square and this is a triangle and usually this
isosceles triangle given case
we draw a directional triangle
point up is a masculine character in all
countries of the world is an equilateral triangle
upward triangle
denotes male power movement growth
development that is all that we both
usually associate with men some
can argue with me say you
know here in soviet time here if you
remember men's toilet cabins
the sign was designated completely differently
it was designated in this way and many
him in associations and as if painted
what is this shoulders
man's and it's like a woman's dress
Well, what is the tone of the Soviet Union
why it happened so much we don’t
know and where it comes from but if you for example
in the same milan we will see as indicated
toilet cubicles
then it will be a male booth and it
female I myself saw it my captain
school but on the other hand let's
look at the result of the post-Soviet
spaces what happens there with
men and what happens women
if a
from the post-Soviet space goes to know
that this is a female sign there
a galloping woman will stop but and or
this task and what they say about men
yeah i don't like that expression but
I heard him yes a woman is not a man can
there is some sense in this
well, let's do it again and now
let's pay attention to this man's how
square to
It means the most important thing that we can
see in this in the male triangles
that he stably stands on the ground and that
moving forward a man should be stable
stand on the ground and then I his height will
natural and other options he has
will not how to grow and if we want here
this male triangle support we
fill it with red and red
color like this one here is a triangle
pointed up he is
male sign and red triangle a
stranger it will be an absolute male
symbol
but with other words even rumored possible
look from the other side he
reminds us also a fire yes that is
fire movement he might be somewhere
frightening because here is this sharp form
I run into it very much for you
favorably but reasonably
balanced it will be very very
good sign so let's summarize
triangle isosceles triangle
pointed up this is masculine
the symbol it supports is red which
also essentially male color
he means all that means
movement and fire that is fire
development can be aggression of course
power meaning it is very very strong
a symbol for those who are strong if we
look at another triangle which
we too already
a little bit met him on female
the triangle then we will see perfectly
another story, he also seems to be a form of the
same but woman she is always
balancing at one point and principle
if to understand a woman you need to understand
what to balance forever on one
the point you seem to find a balance
you make a move and you need to again
seek balance
from here you can understand these frequent shifts
mood feeling that you are somewhere
you are falling for something that you don’t
enough but it's not very easy
balance at one point and if we
want to understand
what color is it exactly associated with
triangle pointing down then
it will be green
life color all new color
well-being and
and what is green in green
it consists of yellow stability
looking for all women and blue information then
which is also important for all women any
woman ask what she needs to say
i need stability why i need
stability because it stands on
one point she can't without
stability
the second thing a woman needs is a woman
know this information is blue if
the woman does not know I will not
Stability and yellow with blue gives here
this one is a green tint and it means so
what is the green triangle point
down is the source yes it looks like the source
it is a cup of well-being if it is stable
then everything grows and happens like
should be and this is a symbol of life this
the symbol of all life on earth and now we
can connect these two signs and
see what happens and we
if we connect these two characters we get
the so -called star of david
yes yes know the star ideal perfect
man's life can be stable then
when he keeps the stability of a woman
if vice versa a woman can be
stable when when it is stable
holding onto a man these two signs
very strongly support only a friend
until if a woman has something to hold on to
shoulders a man figuratively speaking which
stably on the ground it will be
give it stability too if
we look at this sign in the east we are all
familiar with him
it will be a well-known sign yin yang
and if we turned the color as we do
they he was designated initially they
then when came up as a copier and
black white paper yes there and green juice
we see that the yin yang sign also had in
imagine two colors green and red and
Essentially, this will be the Eastern version
stable and happy happy
life and this is the western version which
has the same full removed and that
same information again and in many
Many people probably remember this
ornament for example we have a flat view too
denoting happiness